Failover endpoint TOML docs (#2591)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/use-cases/examples/endpoint_examples/using-failover-endpoints.md

!!! Info
    The retry count is per endpoint, not per message. The retry happens in parallel. Since messages come to this endpoint via many threads, the same message may not be retried three times. Another message may fail and can reduce the retry count.

In this configuration, we assume that these errors are rare and if they happen once in a while, it is okay to retry again. If they happen frequently and continuously, it means that it requires immediate attention to get it back to normal state.

!!! Info

>     You can configure maximum retry attempts before suspending a failing endpoint and timeout for a suspended endpoint to become "Active" at the endpoint level as above. But if you need to enforce these values at the global level, you can use the following configurations in the <PRODUCT_HOME>/conf/deployment.toml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can configure the maximum number of retry attempts before suspending a failing endpoint and specify the time for a suspended endpoint to become "Active" at the endpoint level as indicated above. However, if you need to enforce these values at the global level, you can use the following configurations in the `<PRODUCT_HOME>/conf/deployment.toml` file.
```
